we're moving from an era of cheap
abundant energy to an era of scarce hard
to get expensive energy
keeping the world dependence on oil as
long as possible is important that's a
position of worldwide catastrophe in six
years and better find out this is all
about the demand is so huge there is
nothing that we can imagine to replace
oil in those quantities the future is
not in favor of the oil producers OPEC
countries do not care about what might
happen 20 years from now these are
politicians they want more money by that
time they are dead the Lord care
oil is a magnet for war
so yes we eat we eat or
this is not a pretty picture whether you
believe that or not I don't know but
that's that's what they say that's what
they say their plan that's the way it
works yeah